name=Teensy31
description=Teensy 3.1
family=teensy3
group=Teensy
core=teensy3

version=1.0.0
revision=1

board.flags=-D__MK20DX256__
board.ldflags=-larm_cortexM4l_math

upload.protocol=halfkay
upload.maximum_size=262144
upload.maximum_ram_size=65536
upload.speed=12000000
upload.disable_flushing=true
bootloader.path=undefined
serial.restart_cmd=true
serial.safe_baud_rates_only=true
upload.avrdude_wrapper=teensy_reboot
build.mcu=mk20dx256
build.cpu=cortex-m4
#teensy31.build.option5=-DF_CPU=96000000
#teensy31.build.option6=-DUSB_SERIAL
#teensy31.build.option7=-DLAYOUT_US_ENGLISH
build.cppoption1=-fno-rtti
build.linkoption1=-mthumb
build.additionalobject1=-larm_cortexM4l_math
build.linkscript=mk20dx256.ld
build.architecture=arm-none-eabi
build.command.gcc=arm-none-eabi-gcc
build.command.g++=arm-none-eabi-g++
build.command.ar=arm-none-eabi-ar
build.command.objcopy=arm-none-eabi-objcopy
build.command.objdump=arm-none-eabi-objdump
build.command.size=arm-none-eabi-size
build.core=teensy3
build.elide_constructors=true
build.gnu0x=true
build.dependency=true
build.time_t=true
build.post_compile_script=teensy_post_compile



# USB Settings
options.usb.name=USB Settings
options.usb.default=serial
options.usb.purge=true

options.usb.serial.name=Serial
options.usb.serial.flags=-DUSB_SERIAL

options.usb.hid.name=Keyboard + Mouse + Joystick
options.usb.hid.flags=-DUSB_HID

options.usb.serialhid.name=Serial + Keyboard + Mouse + Joystick
options.usb.serialhid.flags=-DUSB_SERIAL_HID

options.usb.midi.name=MIDI
options.usb.midi.flags=-DUSB_MIDI

options.usb.rawhid.name=Raw HID
options.usb.rawhid.flags=-DUSB_RAWHID

options.usb.flightsim.name=Flight Sim Controls
options.usb.flightsim.flags=-DUSB_FLIGHTSIM


# Clock speed
options.speed.name=Clock
options.speed.default=72
options.speed.purge=true

options.speed.96.name=96 MHz (overclock)
options.speed.96.flags=-DF_CPU=96000000

options.speed.72.name=72 MHz
options.speed.72.flags=-DF_CPU=72000000

options.speed.48.name=48 MHz
options.speed.48.flags=-DF_CPU=48000000

options.speed.24.name=24 MHz
options.speed.24.flags=-DF_CPU=24000000

options.speed.16nousb.name=16 MHz (No USB)
options.speed.16nousb.flags=-DF_CPU=16000000

options.speed.8nousb.name=8 MHz (No USB)
options.speed.8nousb.flags=-DF_CPU=8000000

options.speed.4nousb.name=4 MHz (No USB)
options.speed.4nousb.flags=-DF_CPU=4000000

options.speed.2nousb.name=2 MHz (No USB)
options.speed.2nousb.flags=-DF_CPU=2000000


# Keyboard layout
options.keys.name=Keyboard Layout
options.keys.default=en-us
options.keys.puge=true

options.keys.en-us.name=US English
options.keys.en-us.flags=-DLAYOUT_US_ENGLISH
options.keys.fr-ca.name=Canadian French
options.keys.fr-ca.flags=-DLAYOUT_CANADIAN_FRENCH
options.keys.xx-ca.name=Canadian Multilingual
options.keys.xx-ca.flags=-DLAYOUT_CANADIAN_MULTILINGUAL
options.keys.cz-cz.name=Czech
options.keys.cz-cz.flags=-DLAYOUT_CZECH
options.keys.da-da.name=Danish
options.keys.da-da.flags=-DLAYOUT_DANISH
options.keys.fi-fi.name=Finnish
options.keys.fi-fi.flags=-DLAYOUT_FINNISH
options.keys.fr-fr.name=French
options.keys.fr-fr.flags=-DLAYOUT_FRENCH
options.keys.fr-be.name=French Belgian
options.keys.fr-be.flags=-DLAYOUT_FRENCH_BELGIAN
options.keys.fr-ch.name=French Swiss
options.keys.fr-ch.flags=-DLAYOUT_FRENCH_SWISS
options.keys.de-de.name=German
options.keys.de-de.flags=-DLAYOUT_GERMAN
options.keys.de-dm.name=German (Mac)
options.keys.de-dm.flags=-DLAYOUT_GERMAN_MAC
options.keys.de-ch.name=German Swiss
options.keys.de-ch.flags=-DLAYOUT_GERMAN_SWISS
options.keys.is-is.name=Icelandic
options.keys.is-is.flags=-DLAYOUT_ICELANDIC
options.keys.en-ie.name=Irish
options.keys.en-ie.flags=-DLAYOUT_IRISH
options.keys.it-it.name=Italian
options.keys.it-it.flags=-DLAYOUT_ITALIAN
options.keys.no-no.name=Norwegian
options.keys.no-no.flags=-DLAYOUT_NORWEGIAN
options.keys.pt-pt.name=Portuguese
options.keys.pt-pt.flags=-DLAYOUT_PORTUGUESE
options.keys.pt-br.name=Portuguese Brazilian
options.keys.pt-br.flags=-DLAYOUT_PORTUGUESE_BRAZILIAN
options.keys.es-es.name=Spanish
options.keys.es-es.flags=-DLAYOUT_SPANISH
options.keys.es-mx.name=Spanish Latin America
options.keys.es-mx.flags=-DLAYOUT_SPANISH_LATIN_AMERICA
options.keys.sv-se.name=Swedish
options.keys.sv-se.flags=-DLAYOUT_SWEDISH
options.keys.tr-tr.name=Turkish (partial)
options.keys.tr-tr.flags=-DLAYOUT_TURKISH
options.keys.en-gb.name=United Kingdom
options.keys.en-gb.flags=-DLAYOUT_UNITED_KINGDOM
options.keys.usint.name=US International
options.keys.usint.flags=-DLAYOUT_US_INTERNATIONAL

